So, the HTML needs to be updated. The format needs to be better – 

I need to have a section for the Station which focuses on the AFSS and the Fire Compliance for the station. But then I want each tenancy to be sub categorised under the station.

At the end of each month , we do a report that is submitted to the client and it is important that data and analytics are presentable in a blue/white graph theme. Some key items that need to be logged are;

1.	Tenancy compliance rates. 
2.	Overall tenancy compliance and overall compliance.
3.	% of Fire Inspection Certificates received each tenancy

I want the UI format to be presented in a user-friendly method. Where the station is chosen and then the tenancies underneath that open in a new window with all the customizable sections there for logging for it. Also it is important that there are a notes/timeline section within. I want you to mimic the Uptick format for this. 

I want it to be rebuilt where each station and tenancy within that station has a complete holistic overview. 

I also don’t want some sections to be segregated like communications etc. it would be best to include what makes sense under the Station and Tenancy portfolio under one banner. I also want a section to upload FSS,AFSS , Inspection Certificates etc under categorized headers with the ability to attach the files. 

I also want a section to note which properties have a fire safety schedule and which ones don’t and I want that to be able to be logged. 
It’s important that under each Station and Tenancy that essential information is logged such as the Fire Safety Measures applicable, defects etc I do want to be able to also log and attach files/photos under each defect that is raised. 

Recreate this to be best suited. There is also a bug that is presenting itself : sqlalchemy.exc.OperationalError:  I need you to debug this to ensure that it is working correctly. Put on your expert hat in this role and build this in the best way possible, ensure that you run multiple audits so nothing is missed. 
